docs: update contributing and FAQ docs (#7)
cdk8s-team/cdk8s-plus: CONTRIBUTING.md

> **Sometimes, a little duplication is better than a lot of dependencies.**

## Making a pull request

This repository is set up to maintain one cdk8s+ library for each of the **three
latest versions** of kubernetes. Each library may have slightly different code.
Because of that, contributing requires a few extra steps to make sure we can

> apply the feature or bug fix to all versions of the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apply the feature or bug fix to all the appropriate libraries.
```

We currently track each version on a separate branch:

- k8s-22/main
- k8s-21/main
- k8s-20/main

> In most cases, all you need to do is make a change to the latest version of
> cdk8s+. To do this, you can just follow the standard process for making a pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, all you need to do is make a change to the library corresponding to latest version of
kubernetes (i.e to the `k8s-22/main` branch). To do this, you can just follow the standard process for making a pull
```

request: fork the repository, create your own branch, make some changes, and
then run "npx projen build" to make sure the build succeeds and documentation is
automatically updated.

When you clone the repo, it will check out the branch corresponding to the
latest version (k8s-22/main), and when you create the pull request on GitHub, it
should automatically target this branch. We will take care of backporting your
change to the other branches corresponding to cdk8s-plus-21 and cdk8s-plus-20
once the changes are merged to cdk8s-plus-22.

> > Note: In some situations, you might only want to make a change to an older
> version of cdk8s+. For example, `IngressV1Beta` is not available in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: In some situations, you might only want to make a change to a library targeting an older kubernetes version. For example, `IngressV1Beta` is not available in
```

cdk8s-plus-22, so changing it would require making a change to cdk8s-plus-21 and
cdk8s-plus-20. If you need to make a pull request to a version of cdk8s-plus
that isn't the latest version, then **the branch name of your pull request must
start with `k8s-XX/`** where XX is the version number. For example, to make a

> pull request to cdk8s-plus-21, then you could name the branch `k8s-21/bug-fix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pull request to cdk8s-plus-21, you could name the branch `k8s-21/bug-fix`.
```

When you submit the pull request on GitHub, make sure the target branch matches
your branch name (in this example, it would be `k8s-21/main`).

> 

Reviewer: Add a note that in such cases, the PR needs to target the latest branch that you fix applies for. 
In this example, only a PR to `k8s-21/main` is required, and we will backport it to `k8s-20/main`.
